Mesh Refinement: Add possibility to remove the finest level at a given step (#2948)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    Note: in development; currently allowed value: ``2 2 2``.

* ``warpx.end_fine_patch_step`` (`integer`, default: ``-1``)

>     When using mesh refinement, this can be used to remove the finest level at a given timestep.

Reviewer: I would also add a couple of lines to explain what happens to the timestep duration.

>     Note: in development; currently, only working on CPU. Moreover, the max_step is modified and we encourage you to use stop_time instead.

Reviewer: I would add few more details concerning the max_step
```suggestion
    Note: in development; currently, only working on CPU. Moreover, as soon as the fine patch is removed, ``max_step`` is modified so that the final step corresponds to the physical time calculated with the initial timestep duration. Therefore, users are advised to use ``stop_time`` instead.
```
